README.md, before:

# yo-yo-with-proxy

### example

```js
var yo = require('./html')
var voodoo = require('./voodoo')

var app = voodoo({
  count: 0
}, function (proxyTarget, updateData) {
  return new Proxy(proxyTarget, {
    get (target, prop) {
      return target[prop]
    },
    set (obj, prop, value) {
      obj[prop] = value
      updateData()
    }
  })
}, {
  location: false
})

app.use(function (emitter, proxy) {
  emitter.on('increment', function (e) {
    proxy.count = proxy.count + 1
  })
  emitter.on('decrement', function (e) {
    proxy.count = proxy.count - 1
  })
})

app.route('/', function (proxy, params, uri, actionsUp) {
  return yo`
    <div>
      <h1>${proxy.count}</h1>
      <button onclick=${e => actionsUp('increment', e)}>increment</button>
      <button onclick=${e => actionsUp('decrement', e)}>decrement</button>
    </div>
  `
})

document.body.appendChild(app('/'))
```

## api

### app = voodoo(defaultData, createProxyFunction, option)

- `defaultData` objects which the proxy virtualizes. pass to `createProxyFunction`.
- `createProxyFunction(targetObject, updateData)` this function takes 2 argumetns. return `Proxy Object`
  - `targetObject` proxy target object. pass to Proxy constructor.
  - `updateData` __function__. when __updateData()__, DOM tree is updated.
- `option` 
  - `option.location` whether to manage the window.location. if window.history.pushState is available it will use that otherwise it will use `window.location.hash.
    - set to __false__ to disable
    - __hash__ to force using hashes
    - __history__ to force using __pushState__

```js
app = voodoo({count: 0}, (target, update) => new Proxy(target, {
  get (target, prop) {
    return target[proxy]
  },
  set (obj, prop, value) {
    obj[prop] = value
    update()
  }
}), {location: false})
```

### app.use(apiFunction, opt)

- `apiFunction(emitter, proxy, opt)`
  - `emitter` event emitter.
  - `proxy` proxy object using application.
- `opt` passed to `apiFunction`

```js
app.use((emitter, proxy, opt) => {
  emitter.on('putData', action => {
    var id = String(Date.now())
    var data = xtend(action, {id: id})
    opt.storage.put(id, data, err => {
      if (err) return console.error(err)
      proxy.messages = [data].concat(proxy.messages)
    })
  })
}, {storage: apiLocalStorage})
```

### app.route(selector, handler)

- `selector`
- `handler(proxy, params, uri, actionsUp)`
  - `proxy`
  - `params`
  - `uri`
  - `actionsUp(actionType, value)`
    - `actionType` __string__
    - `value`

```js
app.route('/playlist/:genr', (proxy, params, uri, actionsUp) => html`
  <div>
    <p>${params.genr}</p>
    <button onclick=${e => actionsUp('togglePlayState', e)}>${proxy.isPlayState}</button>
  </div>
`)
```

### HTMLElement = app(route)

Commit message:

emit("pause")でDOMの更新を先送りさせる。emit("resume")でDOMの更新を再開する

README.md, after:

# yo-yo-with-proxy

### example

```js
var yo = require('./html')
var voodoo = require('./voodoo')

var app = voodoo({
  count: 0
}, function (proxyTarget, updateData) {
  return new Proxy(proxyTarget, {
    get (target, prop) {
      return target[prop]
    },
    set (obj, prop, value) {
      obj[prop] = value
      updateData()
    }
  })
}, {
  location: false
})

app.use(function (emitter, proxy) {
  emitter.on('increment', function (e) {
    proxy.count = proxy.count + 1
  })
  emitter.on('decrement', function (e) {
    proxy.count = proxy.count - 1
  })
})

app.route('/', function (proxy, params, uri, actionsUp) {
  return yo`
    <div>
      <h1>${proxy.count}</h1>
      <button onclick=${e => actionsUp('increment', e)}>increment</button>
      <button onclick=${e => actionsUp('decrement', e)}>decrement</button>
    </div>
  `
})

document.body.appendChild(app('/'))
```

## api

### app = voodoo(defaultData, createProxyFunction, option)

- `defaultData` objects which the proxy virtualizes. pass to `createProxyFunction`.
- `createProxyFunction(targetObject, updateData)` this function takes 2 argumetns. return `Proxy Object`
  - `targetObject` proxy target object. pass to Proxy constructor.
  - `updateData` __function__. when __updateData()__, DOM tree is updated.
- `option` 
  - `option.location` whether to manage the window.location. if window.history.pushState is available it will use that otherwise it will use `window.location.hash.
    - set to __false__ to disable
    - __hash__ to force using hashes
    - __history__ to force using __pushState__

```js
app = voodoo({count: 0}, (target, update) => new Proxy(target, {
  get (target, prop) {
    return target[proxy]
  },
  set (obj, prop, value) {
    obj[prop] = value
    update()
  }
}), {location: false})
```

### app.use(apiFunction, opt)

- `apiFunction(emitter, proxy, opt)`
  - `emitter` event emitter.
  - `proxy` proxy object using application.
- `opt` passed to `apiFunction`

```js
app.use((emitter, proxy, opt) => {
  emitter.on('putData', action => {
    var id = String(Date.now())
    var data = xtend(action, {id: id})
    opt.storage.put(id, data, err => {
      if (err) return console.error(err)
      proxy.messages = [data].concat(proxy.messages)
    })
  })
}, {storage: apiLocalStorage})
```

#### pause update and resume update.

we will update the data, but to postpone DOM updates we emit `pause` and `resume`.
when the emitter `emit("pause")`, updating of the DOM is stopped even if the data is updated.
the emitter needs to `emit("resume")` in order to release update stop of this DOM.

```js
app.use((emitter, proxy) => {
  emitter.on('count:inc', () => {
    emitter.emit('pause')

    proxy.count += 1
    proxy.notify = {
      name: 'infomation',
      message: 'count up
    }

    emitter.emit('resume')
  })
})
```

### app.route(selector, handler)

- `selector`
- `handler(proxy, params, uri, actionsUp)`
  - `proxy`
  - `params`
  - `uri`
  - `actionsUp(actionType, value)`
    - `actionType` __string__
    - `value`

```js
app.route('/playlist/:genr', (proxy, params, uri, actionsUp) => html`
  <div>
    <p>${params.genr}</p>
    <button onclick=${e => actionsUp('togglePlayState', e)}>${proxy.isPlayState}</button>
  </div>
`)
```

### HTMLElement = app(route)
